prompt	The woman was a witch, and the castle was her home.	image	tele_output/castle_story2/image_castle_story2_0.png	captions	A beautiful dark castle with a white dress and ivy and the word "RULE;A small gothic castle on a hill next to grass with trees and trees and;A large castle covered in green grasses, with a large moon above it.;a very old and beautiful gothic castle in the dark sky is very dark;A dark house is surrounded by trees and tall trees.;A dark castle in the middle of a field.;An old gothic castle with some grass and wood trees in front of it.;A castle appears below the grass that it is standing on on a hill top.;An old gothic castle sitting next to the hills with trees and water in the;a castle is a dark castle that is very close to the ocean ;A white house with a black castle with white stones.;A castle on a hill covered in grass with a hill at ground level.;A dark colored castle covered in cobble stone set amid lush green grass.;A gothic castle with a moat near the ocean and it is a dark;An almost invisible castle, surrounded by trees, has a wooden fence and windows on it;a dark green building that is covered in old vines like a castle;A castle with many spires on a hill covered in dark grass at night.;A gray-haired woman standing in front of a castle in the fog on a sunny;An old castle with an old green building on the side of a hillside in the;An old gothic castle surrounded by tall trees on top of a hill.	gpt3	The woman was a witch, and the castle was her home.	
prompt	The beautiful dark castle was owned by an evil queen who ruled the kingdom with an iron fist.	image	tele_output/castle_story2/image_castle_story2_1.png	captions	an image of a castle with big blue and black castle windows.;A castle standing tall with blue stave topped turrets and a white gate in front of;A black and white painting of a large castle with a red shield. ;A tall castle with towers on the cliff side rising up to a blue sky.;A close up of a tall and rectangular castle with tall turrets.;A castle is standing atop of a hill in the sky.;A large castle is seen standing alone near a wooded hill.;A black castle surrounded by towers and green woods. ;A tall blue castle, tall and stone walls with a top turret;a wooden castle with turrets and a big black building ;Castle in the woods behind a blue horizon with white background.;A castle, that is seen rising up in the sky, and is not visible from;A castle made of stone with a tower with a blue roof that looks like a sword;A large castle in the sky with a wall surrounded by white brush.;A huge castle, with turrets, with a fire tower on top. ;A castle is standing a white cliff above a river and woods.;The top of a castle shaped shaped like a cliff with two turrets with a sword.;A stone castle is a silhouette of a tower set in the middle of a field.;A large castle of a castle topped by turrets.;A castle with a number of towers atop the terrain on it.	gpt3	The beautiful dark castle was owned by an evil queen who ruled the kingdom with an iron fist.	
prompt	The castle was the home of a wicked queen who used magic to keep it in place.	image	tele_output/castle_story2/image_castle_story2_2.png	captions	A castle is painted blue, standing on the side of a hill. ;A picture of a castle is seen in the sky next to some woods.;A castle is seen rising above a land of trees.;A black castle is visible from above that is high in the sky. ;A castle stands on top of the hill and is well lit.;A picture of a castle in a lush blue setting next to trees.;an image of a black castle at night on a street ;A castle stands in the sun behind a castle and the clouds are dark. ;A castle rises in the dark below a building.;A dark castle that has a black roof, tall grass and trees. ;A dark blue castle topped by a huge dome of a castle topped with a beautiful tree;A castle is at the top of a hill with a red roof and a tree in;A castle that is painted in blue and white. ;A castle is on a hill top behind trees and a castle behind a castle.;This castle is on the side of the hill is looking out a window and there is;A large castle is in the distance on a blue top. ;A castle has a castle in a small rocky area next to a wooded field.;A tall castle is standing on the hill top of a black and white shot.;A castle with a building next to trees in the background of a photo.;A castle with a building is next to an oak tree in the distance.	gpt3	The castle was the home of a wicked queen who used magic to keep it in place.	
prompt	The castle was the home of a beautiful princess. A dragon guarded the entrance.	image	tele_output/castle_story2/image_castle_story2_3.png	captions	a dragon statue sitting in a castle facing a wall with the windows.;A painted dragon standing in front of a castle in front a door.;A dragon is displayed on a door inside of a castle. ;A dragon perched on the roof of a castle and looking into a window.;A dragon head standing on a door with a castle on a wall ;A dragon standing in front of the front door of a castle.;A statue of a dragon sitting by a door of a castle.;a dragon of the castle on top of a doorway in a garden with flowers;A scene with a dragon sitting on top of it next to a castle window.;A painted dragon head sitting on top of top of a castle gate.;A dragon is seen in the foreground standing on top of a door. ;A dragon statue on a wall in front of the tower and a door.;A dragon sits on top of a wall with a castle in the background. ;A painting of a dragon head decorated with green doors inside of a castle.;A large dragon standing in front of a door of a castle.;An old castle with a dragon head in a front door frame of door to a white;A dragon head inside of a castle sitting in a window on top of a street.;a picture of a statue of a dragon and a door on a castle building;a dragon heads statue in a castle area with a sign that read "brocclie;A green and red wall with a head of a dragon next to a castle's gate	gpt3	The castle was the home of a beautiful princess. A dragon guarded the entrance.	
prompt	The dragon was a petrified prince. The windows were stained glass depicting his story.	image	tele_output/castle_story2/image_castle_story2_4.png	captions	A dragon flying through some stained glass window holding a kite on the side of a;A dragon flying through a window above a wooden pole with a banner.;An old dragon flying a kite in a glass window.;A dragon kite flies through a stained glass window on a day.;a red dragon flying past a stained glass window with a dragon on top of it;A small piece of wood stained glass behind a large dragon flying on top of a stone;A dragon flying a red kite in a building with a glass archway.;An image of a dragon flying in front of the window beside of a house in front;A stained glass picture of a dragon flying a kite in a park.;A picture of some stained glass with a dragon kite standing on top of a top;a large yellow bird flying over glass, kite, a green dragon and a dragon;A dragon holding a kite is reflected in a window in a stone door.;An image of a dragon flying over a house from a glass box.;A dragon flying in the air on a wooden banner with glass on it.;a dragon flying on a small window with a lantern on top;a picture of a dragon flying a kite is on a glass door frame.;A picture of the dragon flying in the air is framed by a glass window.;A painting of a dragon that is flying with a kite from a window.;A dragon flying in a glass door sitting on a roof.;an image of a dragon flying through a window in a room 	gpt3	The dragon was a petrified prince. The windows were stained glass depicting his story.	
prompt	The dragon was flying through the stained glass window because it was holding a kite on the side of the window.	image	tele_output/castle_story2/image_castle_story2_5.png	captions	A dragon flying kite in front of colored glass and a bird flying next to it;A kite flying over a glass kite window with a dragon head on it.;A kite fly and a kite float behind a window with a dragon on a;A kite with a dragon sitting on top of a building by a window.;A dragon kite is flying on the ground next to a glass door.;A dragon kite is sitting inside of a small window. ;A small lizard flies through the sky underneath stained glass looking in the sky.;A dragon kite with a red and white and blue colored dragon flying outside.;A dragon flew kite flying into an old window frame. ;A small kite flying in an arched window that has a dragon fly above a;A yellow and green dragon kite on a wooden table next to a window.;A woman flying a kite through a stained glass window in a window.;a dragon flying in the sky, the image shows a kite and a dragon.;A man flying the kite above a piece of art stained glass on a lawn.;A woman is holding a kite in a window of a building with a dragon in;A kite flying through the air above a colorful sculpture of a dragon.;A dragon kite flying above an orange building and a yellow and blue airplane to the;A rainbow kite that has a dragon on it.;A piece of stained glass with a kite on the side of it. ;A kite floating under a tall window with colored glass.	gpt3	The dragon was flying through the stained glass window because it was holding a kite on the side of the window.	
prompt	The dragon was flying a kite in front of a stained glass window. A bird was flying next to it.	image	tele_output/castle_story2/image_castle_story2_6.png	captions	A dragon kite flies on a piece of stained glass in front of a window.;An image of a dragon kite on a piece of stained glass on a sky.;A kite flying through a piece of stained glass with a dragon on it.;An image of a dragon kite that is flying on top of a window ledge.;A green dragon kite hanging from a glass window that has one white cross on it;A white glass window window shows a kite of a dragon flying and a dragon in;A yellow and green dragon fly on a top of a stained glass kite.;A dragon kite flying over a glass case on a field.;A kite above a wood vane with a dragon on it.;a dragon kite is flying over a tree in a window frame with it in front;A kite flying over the ground in a wind vane with two dragons.;A dragon fly sits beside of a colorful stained glass window with a george and green;A dragon kite in front of an antique wind vane, in front someone standing;A colorful kite flying on a wind vane with a dragon on top of it;A kite with a dragon flying in the sky on top of the glass window.;A green and yellow dragon kite next to a glass and a metal pole.;A dragon flying with blue and green birds in an elaborate kite.;a piece of glass holding a small dragon kite on a top of a wall;A dragon fly in the air above a piece of stained glass.;A view of a window ledge featuring a dragon kite floating on top of a white	gpt3	The dragon was flying a kite in front of a stained glass window. A bird was flying next to it.	
prompt	The dragon kite was a magical creature that could fly and breathe fire.	image	tele_output/castle_story2/image_castle_story2_7.png	captions	a kite with a dragon sitting on a white tarp on top of a wood;A kite flying above a large field holding a dragon kite.;A dragon kite and a green lizard kite flying in a green airfield.;A kite with dragons on it on an artificial field with a man wearing glasses.;A kite floating next to a large green dragon kite on the side of a;A man sitting under a bright kite with a large dragon.;A man flying a red and blue dragon kite;A kite with a dragon dragon on top of it sitting down on the ground.;A man flying a kite in the sky with a dragon kite on his back;A group of people flying a kite with a dragon and a lizard on a field;A large kite with a dragon on top of a sky outside;A woman holding a kite above a field on that has a dragon. ;A dragon kite, as seen in person, is flying over a tree.;a woman flying a kite that has a dragon and a white lizard on it;A kid standing next to a dragon flying a kite.;A woman holding a pet flying a kite with a dragon kite.;The colorful kite with dragon dragons flying around the sky;The orange butterfly is flying in the air next to a dragon kite. ;Large dragon kite floating next to some trees.;A group of people flying a kite with a small dragon in the sky in the	gpt3	The dragon kite was a magical creature that could fly and breathe fire.	
prompt	The dragon was the king of the kites. He was looking for a princess to marry.	image	tele_output/castle_story2/image_castle_story2_8.png	captions	A dragon flying a large kite in a tall tall grassy field.;A woman is flying a dragon flying a green and white kite.;A colorful dragon kite flying in a green field with trees behind it. ;A person in a green hat is flying a dragon kite on a field.;A man holding a green dragon kite in the sky next to a beach.;A person sitting on top of a kite with a dragon circling above it. ;a kite in the sky standing next to a large dragon boat;A girl standing next to a dragon kite on a grassy ground and waving a;A man flying a kite in the sky while flying a dragon kite ;A small kite with a dragon on it is flying next to a large boat.;A man flying the air with a dragon kite on a green lake.;Several people flying kites in a field with a dragon and a boat.;A dragon kite is flying over the ocean in full view of green grass. ;A man is flying a kite overhead next to a man holding a baby dragon.;A man and a woman flying kites across the lake with a dragon dragon kite;A man and woman are flying a large dragon kite on a lawn.;A woman on top of the field in front of a giant dragon kite;Two people in a green colored boat flying a dragon kite in the ocean.;A person flying a dragon kite with others at a park.;Several people are flying a large red and green dragon kite over a lake.	gpt3	The dragon was the king of the kites. He was looking for a princess to marry.	
prompt	The dragon was flying the kite because it wanted to catch the wind.	image	tele_output/castle_story2/image_castle_story2_9.png	captions	A large dragon dragon kite flying in the sky on a green field.;A man flying a kite in the sky with a dragon kite as a backdrop;Person flying a kite next to a dragon and lion kite on red field.;A person flying a kite against a blue sky on the ground with a red dragon;a man flying a kite over town while holding an inflatable dragon kite on;A woman flying a dragon kite in the sky.;A man stands next to a kite on a field with a large dragon.;a person swinging a green kite over a field with a blue dragon kite;a kite flying next to a dragon kite ;A man flying a dragon kite in the sky while the sky changes color.;A woman holding a light up dragon kite in her hand as she flies above the;A woman flying a red dragon kite in a green area ;A tall kite flying a giant purple dragon kite on a roof above a bunch;A person is flying a kite with a red dragon on it in a field.;A kite with a dragon on it sitting on a grassy field;A man flying a rainbow kite next to a dragon kite with other people in;A big dragon kite flying by a small crowd of people with a blue umbrella.;A young man flying a striped dragon kite in a windy field.;a dragon kite perched on a pole atop a field of grass near the water;A small dragon kite flying over a forest in a green field.	gpt3	The dragon was flying the kite because it wanted to catch the wind.	
prompt	The dragon was a magical creature that could grant wishes. It flew around the world, looking for people to help.	image	tele_output/castle_story2/image_castle_story2_10.png	captions	A dragon flyer on a kite with wings flapping from sky in the background.;A young child can be seen flying a kite of a dragon in the sky.;A child flying a kite with a black dragon in it behind some trees. ;A woman walking past a dragon sitting on top of a lawn waving a kite at;A woman is flying a kite with a dragon on the wings.;A man flying a kite with a large flying dragon beside him.;A red and blue kite flying through a forest with a large dragon riding it.;A cat flying a kite over a blue lake and a dragon flying a giant dragon;A dragon flying a kite in the sky next to a large tree. ;A child flya kite in the sky under a blue canopy with a dragon fly;A young person flying a kite that is shaped like a dragon on an open field;A child is flying a dragon flying around a tree in the distance.;A child flying a kite with a dragon on it in the sky.;A child flying a kite over water with a dragon in the sky.;a small blue dragon flying on the side of a mountain in the dark;A girl flying by a dragon flying into a field with a kite.;A dragon flyer on one of the top of a hill as it flies above the;A man flies his kite in the sky high over a forest with a dragon on;A child holding a kite with a dragon on the side flying across the sky flying;A child flying a kite with a big dragon dragon flying it's head in the	gpt3	The dragon was a magical creature that could grant wishes. It flew around the world, looking for people to help.	
prompt	The dragon was flying high in the sky, carrying a kite with flapping wings.	image	tele_output/castle_story2/image_castle_story2_11.png	captions	Two people flying a green kite with a black dragon kite.;A person flying a kite, with an octopus and a dragon flying past.;A person flying a dragon kite on a grassy field and a tree.;A colorful kite with a dragon, bird and dog caught in the air.;a man flying a kite in the grass flying a dragon kite  ;A person flying a kite in the sky holding a picture of a dragon kite;a man flying a kite with a dragon kite at the sky;A man flying a kite with a dragon kite on the air. ;A person standing next to a small dragon kite flying behind a wall. ;A kite flying above a man holding up a large dragon kite on top of;A person flying a kite under a white sky with a dragon kite in the;a boy flying a little girl in the sky in the air with a dragon kite;A man in black and white flying a dragon kite in the sky.;People flying around with a small dragon kite on a field.;A man waving a dragon kite with a blue bird in the sky on his hand;Two people flying a kite with a dragon on the roof.;a man flying a dragon kite on a sunny, grassy surface;A woman flies her kite in the air and a small purple dragon kite appears;A young girl is flying a kite in a sky and flying the dragon kite;A person flying a dragon kite as a child is being led by his dog.	gpt3	The dragon was flying high in the sky, carrying a kite with flapping wings.	
prompt	The two people were actually fairies, and the black dragon kite was their pet.	image	tele_output/castle_story2/image_castle_story2_12.png	captions	a man flying a dragon-shaped kite under trees  in the sky;A small man flying a dragon kite with a blue ribbon flying next to it ;A group of people flying a kite in the air and a dragon.;A small boy is flying a dragon kite along on the grass.;A man is flying a kite with a blue dragon kite in the air.;A group flying dragon kites outdoors at a kite festival.;A large group of people flying kites and a dragon kite in the sky.;Families hanging out in the yard while flying kites and holding a red dragon;A kite hovering in the sky with two other kites and a blue tiger man;A child in a kite and two adults flying blue kites.;A kite flier holds a dragon kite in the air. ;A field covered in kites with a large dragon kite floating in the air.;A group of people flying kites in the air with a large dragon kite by;A boy is flying a dragon kite during a parade in a park. ;A man flying a dragon kite near a lake on a field.;A child is flapping a kite in a tree with another child standing outside to;Many people flying blue and yellow kites and a dragon kite. ;A couple of people fly the "dragon kite" through a field with other people;People flying kites in a festival with a dragon kite on each side;A crowd of people flying small kites and a dragon kite on a beach.	gpt3	The two people were actually fairies, and the black dragon kite was their pet.	
prompt	The kite was actually a dragon, and the man was a wizard.	image	tele_output/castle_story2/image_castle_story2_13.png	captions	A person flying a kite with a purple loon and a dragon kite in;an adult kite in the sky next to a dragon kite, in a yard;A pair of children flying a kite and a red kite with a dragon in;A person flying a kite with a green dragon on it to a mountain.;A person flies a kite with a dragon kite in the sky. ;A woman flying a dragon kite and a little boy flying a kite. ;A man is flying a kite with a colorful dragon next to a tree.;a kite decorated with dragon and a lispy kite on a green field;A dragon flying a kite in a breeze.;A dragon flying a kite in the air.;Two men on top of a tower flying a kite with a dragon kite.;A large kite with a dragon on one of its top sides and a fish on;a woman on a field flying a kite with a dragon dog on top of it;A man flying a small blue kite that was shaped like a dragon kite.;A blue dragon kite is flying on sky while a man flies it. ;A boy is flying a kite with a dragon kite.;A group of people are wearing kites with a sky and a dragon theme.;A man standing next to a dragon kite next to water.;A person is in a kite flying at the sky with a dragon kite and;A man holding a dragon kite while flying it over a green field.	gpt3	The kite was actually a dragon, and the man was a wizard.	
prompt	The person was using magic to fly the kites.	image	tele_output/castle_story2/image_castle_story2_14.png	captions	Two men are flying big colorful kites in the air by passing a gate. ;Two guys flying colorful and colorful kites in a grassy field.;A man flying some colorful kites next to one another and a man on a white;A man is holding an illuminated kite that he flies into the air.;Two men flying colorful kites on the field.;Two people are flying various colorful kites in the sky.;Two young men fly kites through the sky that are over a park.;A group of people flying two colored kites in a field. ;A white and blue couple is flying colorful kites in the air together.;A man holding a kite in a park while another man flies a kites.;The two men standing near a kite flying a colorful kite on a grassy;People flying a kite in a park with large colorful kite planes. ;A kite flying person and two others flying kites on the ground.;A man trying to fly a colorful kite with three people standing in the middle of;Two people fly kite with different colors of ribbons on it.;Two groups of young people fly kites on green, blue and red skies.;Three teenage boys flying kites on a grassy field in a park.;Two young people flying colorful kites between buildings.;An outdoor kite display featuring a kite flying on the grass.;An older couple is flying many colorful kites in the sky.	gpt3	The person was using magic to fly the kites.	
