prompt	The woman was a witch, and the castle was her home.	image	tele_output/castle_story/image_castle_story_0.png	captions	A very old gothic image of a old castle on a large block of gray;a house standing on top of a hill in a very gothic style landscape;A black and white photo showing a castle with red background.;A castle is a man surrounded by woods and rain. ;An old fashioned gothic castle is rising in the distance.;A castle is seen on top of a black looking hill that has no roof.;A castle with a blue wall standing next to a mountain, with people in a field;A view of a dark and beautiful castle atop a huge mountain.;the castle of a gothic castle is a white castle with a hill on the;a tall gothic castle on top of a hillside with moss, trees and;An old gothic style castle on the side of a hill topped with a mo;A castle is set in a hillock top on a flat land.;The castle is standing on top of a rock at night with dark cloud covering it.;The top of a castle in the background of a scene on the ground.;a castle is sitting within view of a mountain with no woods in it with its castle;A castle at night in the background with a snow white background.;A gothic castle standing among trees.;A castle is standing on top of a hill with a forest behind it.;A group of homes and a huge wooden castle on a hill.;A picture of a house standing among a castle in the distance.	gpt3	The woman was a witch, and the castle was her home.	
prompt	The castle was the home of a very old witch.	image	tele_output/castle_story/image_castle_story_1.png	captions	An older and larger black castle stands in a field.;A castle in the woods, with wood structures and a structure on the top of a;a castle like building sits on top of a hillside next to a field of wood;A castle sitting on top of an old hillside with trees in a yard.;A wooden castle in front of a tree house near houses.;A gothic style castle sitting in a field next to a field.;A picture of an old gothic castle surrounded by a grassy field.;A large, wooden castle is lit up on the far side of the picture window.;A building sitting in the middle of a forest that has a castle built upon it.;A castle sitting in a grassy, forested area, topped with a castle on;A castle is standing on top of a hilltop as darkly colored trees grow behind;A castle like structure with turrets sitting atop a pile of dirt. ;The castle is a brown building sitting atop a hillside, surrounded by small trees.;A gothic castle building with a large entrance structure in a forest.;An old castle is looking up at the sky in the distance, overlooking a land.;A house is sitting on top of a hill topped by an old castle.;A castle sits on a hilltop next to a forest.;An old gothic castle with stone walls.;A small castle is standing on top of a hillside next to a house.;A castle with a large picture of a hill topped with a tree.	gpt3	The castle was the home of a very old witch.	
prompt	The castle was the home of an evil queen. A princess was waiting for us.	image	tele_output/castle_story/image_castle_story_2.png	captions	A picture of a purple curtain hanging over a castle.;A purple and white picture of a colorful castle holding a banner on top of it.;A scene with a purple castle, a castle sign, a man with a hat and;A tall blue castle with a white banner on it with a witch's hat.;A large purple flag is seen above a castle.;A picture of a castle waving toward a woman with a blue hat on.;A blue background with a castle castle shaped tree standing behind it. ;A beautiful purple castle with flames and a dragon hanging from the top. ;A picture of a blue and purple castle on the hilltop.;A view of a castle with a purple castle flag in the background.;The castle is standing in the distance next to a red gate and a purple and yellow;A picture of a castle under a black and white light and a witch hat on top;A small purple castle in the distance as it shines full-sides in the background;A picture at night of blue and green castle with a blue and gray roof.;A banner showing a castle of lights and a blue and red curtain.;A beautiful black castle with a purple sun setting by a castle window. ;A picture of a castle with a black hat and a large flag.;A castle with a tall tree and a blue banner hanging in the air.;A picture of a large castle with a castle, a pirate and a dragon outside.;A person standing around a tall castle with a banner with a white castle that is on	gpt3	The castle was the home of an evil queen. A princess was waiting for us.	
